
        SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY
                     for Purchased Software

  JP Software Inc., P.O. Box 1470, E. Arlington, MA 02474, USA
  (781) 646-3975 / fax (781) 646-0904 / Email sales@jpsoft.com
                   Web http://www.jpsoft.com/

If you don't agree with these licensing terms you should return
this Software for a refund under the terms of the Satisfaction
Guarantee in paragraph (8) below.

In this agreement:

   "Software" means the JP Software product(s) you purchased,
   consisting of either a single program or one or more programs
   sold together as a unit (whether in separate disks or files;
   or combined in a CD, other media, or electronic file),
   including the software, documentation, and other materials;
   
   "we" or "us" means JP Software Inc., a corporation based in
   Arlington, Mass., USA;
   
   "you" means the purchaser or end user of the Software; and
   
   "Computer" means a computer keyboard, terminal, or other
   primary input device used by a single user.

(1) Legal Agreement.  This legal agreement allows you to use the
Software under the terms and conditions below.

(2) Ownership.  We or our licensors own the Software under
copyright, trade secret and all other laws that may apply.  All
JP Software product names, designs, and logos are trademarks of
JP Software Inc.

(3) Use of Individual Copies.  If you purchased an individual
copy of the Software it may be installed for a single person's
use on one or more Computers (such as a Computer at work, a
Computer at home, and a portable Computer), as long as all
Computers are primarily for that person's use at all times, each
computer is normally kept at a different location (address) than
the others, and they are never used simultaneously except during
active transfer of files between them.  (If the Software copy
was purchased by your employer, you must obtain your employer's
explicit permission before installing the Software on multiple
Computers as described above.)

(4) Multi-System Licenses.  If you purchased a multi-system
(rather than individual) license for the Software, you may
install the Software on at most the number of Computers
licensed, as shown on the program signon screen or authorized in
other electronic or printed documents received from us or our
dealer.  Unlike individual copies, under a multi-system license
each Computer (work, home, portable, etc.) is counted
separately, even if the Computers are not in use simultaneously.

(5) Bundles.  If you purchased two or more programs packaged
together as a unit by us (a "Bundle"), all programs in the
Bundle are licensed together as a single unit and must be used
on the same Computer(s).  You may not split the programs within
a Bundle between different Computers in any way which results in
use of the Software or any part thereof on more Computers than
are otherwise authorized by this license.  (Bundles may be sold
under other similar terms such as "suite" or "pack".)

(6) Copying and Distribution.  You may copy the Software files
as necessary for normal backup purposes.  In addition, if your
copy of the Software includes the file TRIAL.TXT, and you
strictly follow the terms described in that file, you may give
the trial version of the Software to individual friends and
colleagues you know personally, without your serial number or
registration codes.  You may not make, sell, or give to others,
any other whole or partial copy of the Software, without our
advance written permission.

(7) Serial Numbers and Codes.  Any serial numbers, registration
keys, or other similar codes you receive in order to
personalize, install, or register the software are private and
confidential information known only to you and to us, and may
not be given to others under any circumstances.

(8) LIMITED WARRANTY for Physical Defects.  We pledge that any
disks, CDs, or manuals physically delivered to you will arrive
free of physical defects interfering with normal use.  If you
report such a defect to us within 90 days after purchase, we
will replace the defective unit(s) at no charge.  We don't
promise that the Software will be free of software bugs or
program errors.  If you report an error or bug to us, we will
address it as part of our normal maintenance procedures.  If we
issue a maintenance release for the Software containing a
correction for an error you reported, we will make a copy of
that release available to you for electronic download at no
charge.  We will only do this for maintenance releases, not for
other new versions of the Software.

Satisfaction Guarantee.  If you are dissatisfied with any JP
Software product you buy from us under this Agreement for any
reason, you may return it to us at any time up to 90 days after
purchase and we will refund the amount you paid, less shipping
and handling costs.  You must contact us before returning any
product for a refund.  This satisfaction guarantee does not
apply to multi-system licenses for more than 10 Computers, or to
purchases of more than 10 individual copies.

(9) DISCLAIMERS, LIMITATIONS, and RESTRICTED RIGHTS.

  >> DISCLAIMER.  Except for the Limited Warranty stated above,
     WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
     INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
     FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND
     AGREE THAT YOU HAD FULL OPPORTUNITY TO USE AND TEST THE
     SOFTWARE BEFORE PURCHASE, SO THAT THE ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF
     THE ABOVE WARRANTIES IS FULFILLED EVEN WHERE A REFUND MAY
     NOT BE AVAILABLE.  YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
     SELECTION AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED
     RESULTS, AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF YOU USE IT IMPROPERLY OR
     AGAINST OUR INSTRUCTIONS YOU CAN CAUSE DAMAGE TO YOUR
     FILES, SOFTWARE AND DATA.  The Limited Warranty above gives
     you specific legal rights, but you may have other rights,
     which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
     
  >> HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.  THE SOFTWARE IS NOT FAULT-TOLERANT
     AND IS NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED OR INTENDED FOR USE AS
     ONLINE CONTROL EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS
     REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, such as in the operation
     of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication
     systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines,
     or weapons systems, or any other environment in which the
     failure of the Software could lead directly to death,
     personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage
     ("High Risk Activities").  WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY
     EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK
     ACTIVITIES FOR THE SOFTWARE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF.
     
  >> LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE
     FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
     WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR YOUR
     RELATIONSHIP WITH US.  Some jurisdictions do not allow
     exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or
     consequential damages, therefore the above limitation may
     not apply to you.
     
  >> EXPORT.  You may use the Software in any country, except
     countries that are subject to U.S. export restrictions.
     You are solely responsible for determining whether any
     planned export relating to the Software is legal under U.S.
     and other applicable laws.
     
  >> RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND.  Use, duplication, or disclosure
     by the U.S. Government is subject to the restrictions set
     forth in DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) and FAR 52.227-19,
     as applicable.

                                                      [06/18/01]

