
        SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WARRANTY
                        for Trial Copies

                        JP Software Inc.
                         P.O. Box 1470
                  E. Arlington, MA 02474, USA

                         (781) 646-3975
                       fax (781) 646-0904
                     Email sales@jpsoft.com
                   Web http://www.jpsoft.com/

If you don't agree with the terms below, you should not use or
evaluate this Software.

In this agreement:

   "Software" means the JP Software product(s) you have obtained
   for evaluation, including the software, documentation, and
   other materials;

   "Trial Copy" means a copy of the Software for which you have
   not paid a fee to us or one of our authorized dealers (Trial
   Copies are typically described as "trial" or "shareware"
   copies in the Software's sign-on messages);

   "Purchased Copy" means a copy of the Software for which you
   have paid a fee to us or to one of our authorized dealers,
   and which is not described as a trial or shareware copy in
   the Program's sign-on messages;

   "we" or "us" means JP Software Inc., a corporation based in
   Arlington, Massachusetts, USA;

   "you" means the evaluator or end user of the Software;

(1) Legal Agreement.  This legal agreement allows you to
evaluate the Software under the terms and conditions below.

(2) Ownership.  We or our licensors own the Software under
copyright, trade secret and all other laws that may apply.  All
JP Software product names, designs, and logos are trademarks of
JP Software Inc.

(3) Evaluation Period.  You may use a Trial Copy of the Software
for an evaluation period of up to 21 days, as explained in the
file TRIAL.TXT, in order to determine whether the Software meets
your needs before purchasing a license.  Your evaluation period
begins when you first install the Software on one or more
computers for evaluation purposes.  Once the evaluation period
ends, you agree to either purchase a license for the Software,
or to stop using it.  If you have ordered a Purcahsed Copy of
the Software from us or from one of our authorized dealers you
may continue to use your Trial Copy until your Purchased Copy
arrives.

(4) Use of the Software.  While you are evaluating the Software,
you may use it on as many computers as are required to perform
your evaluation.  However, once the evaluation period is over
and you purchase a license for the Software, your use will be
restricted to the number of computers for which you have
purchased licenses, under the license agreement which applies to
your Purchased Copy.

(5) Making and Distributing Trial Copies of the Software.  You
may make copies of your Trial Copy of the Software to give to
others, as long as you include all of the files that you
originally received with your Trial Copy.  You agree not to sell
Trial Copies of the Software or distribute them to others for
any kind of compensation or fee.

(6) License for Purchased Copies.  Purchased copies are governed
by the terms in the file LICPURCH.TXT.  YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THAT
LICENSE AND TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS if you purchase the
software.  However, if a separate license is included with your
purchased copy then that included license will supersede the
terms in LICPURCH.TXT.

(7) DISCLAIMERS, LIMITATIONS, and RESTRICTED RIGHTS.

  >> DISCLAIMERS:  YOU ARE NOT PAYING FOR THE TRIAL USE LICENSE
     FOR YOUR TRIAL COPY OF THE PROGRAM.  ACCORDINGLY THE TRIAL
     COPY IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND
     WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
     MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

     YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE SELECTION AND USE OF
     THE SOFTWARE TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED RESULTS, AND
     ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF YOU USE THE SOFTWARE IMPROPERLY OR
     AGAINST OUR INSTRUCTIONS YOU CAN CAUSE DAMAGE TO YOUR
     FILES, SOFTWARE AND DATA.

  >> HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.  THE SOFTWARE IS NOT FAULT-TOLERANT
     AND IS NOT DESIGNED, MANUFACTURED OR INTENDED FOR USE AS
     ONLINE CONTROL EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS
     REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, such as in the operation
     of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication
     systems, air traffic control, direct life support machines,
     or weapons systems, or any other environment in which the
     failure of the Software could lead directly to death,
     personal injury, or severe physical or environmental damage
     ("High Risk Activities").  WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY
     EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK
     ACTIVITIES FOR THE SOFTWARE OR ANY PORTION THEREOF.

  >> LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:  IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE
     FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
     WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF USE OF THE PROGRAM OR YOUR
     RELATIONSHIP WITH US.  Some jurisdictions do not allow
     exclusion or limitation of liability for incidental or
     consequential damages, therefore the above limitation may
     not apply to you.

  >> EXPORT.  You may use the Software in any country, except
     countries that are subject to U.S. export restrictions.
     You are solely responsible for determining whether any
     planned export relating to the Software is legal under U.S.
     and other applicable laws.

  >> RESTRICTED RIGHTS LEGEND:  Use, duplication, or disclosure
     by the U.S. Government subject to the restrictions set
     forth in DFARS 252.227-7013 (c)(1)(ii) and FAR 52.227-19.

